---
layout: post
title: Round 2: Day 1 - 98%
categories: Launch School
---

<!-- wp:paragraph {"dropCap":true} -->
<p class="has-drop-cap">Sometimes I can surprise myself. In the last post I talked a bit about the Launch School assessments that I'm absolutely terrified to take, and about my sister. Well in good news, and no one was more shocked and completely taken aback as I was, I received two grades: a 98% (or A+) for the technical aspect, and an A for the non-technical. Receiving the news went something like this: I screamed. I cried. I couldn't (and didn't) believe it, and then I just sat there waiting for an hour to figure out how on EARTH I didn't bomb the dreaded assessment?? Yes I am at this point supposed to have enough confidence in myself to even keep going with this program, but I thought that if I did have a shot at passing, it would be 'just barely'. But as it turns out, I passed! In fact, I aced it! According to the human that graded it and now, I feel that maybe, just MAYBE, I have an actual shot of becoming a programmer.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Weeks and months were spent studying, to include making about a million Anki cards (rough estimation), attending as many study sessions that allowed, and pouring over my notes/lessons like a madman. I was obsessed with reviewing this crap because I was so deathly afraid of failing this test. It's a big deal to me. Since I'm only a student, I need to know that I'm doing at least an adequate job at the only thing that I'm doing and not wasting my time. </p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>With all that over, I have to worry about the interview. Apparently it's even harder to deal with than the written. I can't sweat it out solo and hope to pass this one; a human will witness first hand whether I can code, whether I can code AND talk, and whether or not I can handle the pressure/pull myself out of a hole when I make a mistake. </p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Fun times, I dare say. I don't even think my brain has processed any of this. Surprisingly I'm very calm about this. Maybe I'm just exhausted but the next few weeks will be nothing but using PEDAC, redoing over 100 ruby problems and **speaking**. It's not a skill that I can say I'm even remotely good at, so there's no way in hell I can do the interview anytime so. There will come a time though when my studying is wrapping up that I will just 'feel' like I need to take it, and when that comes, it'll just happen like that. A day will come into my mind and that will set everything into motion for me. That's what I did for the written and it worked. It forced me to focus and set a goal in mind that I wasn't going to just toss aside. Oh btw I restarted 100daysofcode, which makes sense as today is the 1st. That way, I can keep track of my days since I don't know how to count :)</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>I just want to say to the nothingness that's reading this right now, I really can't do anything worthwhile in this life now without Vin and my family. If he didn't calm down that morning, I would have been an anxious, nervous crying wreck throughout the whole test. I looked at a picture of my two sisters and I when we were tots seconds before I hit 'start', and it immediately calmed me down. I feel so lucky to have my family. </p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->